 You look around. It's a safe place that has always been close to your heart. Nearby villagers smile at you warmly.@ The bridge is old and rickety, many of the wooden panels having fallen to the stream below over the years. 
 Despite this, as the frequent route of traders, it's a trusted crossing.@ The woodlands are calm, gentle creatures traversing the greenery and thickets of bushes. 
 Butterflies float throughout the air, attracted by the pollen of the freshly blossomed flowers that scatter the land.@ The castle stands tall, its walls unpenetrated for decades. It's a symbol of strength of the king that rules from within.@ Before you lays a tree that seems to stretch endlessly upward. Long, wispy tendrils fall toward the ground, the rich vivian green 
 contrasting with the dull environment in which it lay. Its trunk is huge, stretching wider than a commonfolk's home. You wonder how long it's been here.@ The water flows calmly down the river, diverging around small rocks and reforming shortly after. It's tranquil, blanketed by the gentle chirping of nearby birds.@ You look around in awe at the landscape before you. Rifts scatter the land, bright light shiny from within and bouncing off the scattered greenery.@ Before you, gold lays scattered around expensive silks and... are they human bones? 
 It appears you've stumbled across a dragon's lair, but dragon isn't anywhere to be seen! You really got lucky with that one.@ The wraith of the Witch can be seen across the lands and is ever so present as you look around you. 
 You've stumbled across a bloodied battlefield, a result of overconfident soldiers trying to free their land. The sight makes you sick to your stomach.@ A safe place for all, filled with gorgeous red mushrooms that are a stark contrast to the bright green grass they lay upon. 
 The ground glitters with the remnants of fairy dust.@ The home of the winged folk. Bright and glowing, the clouds shimmered with the reflected light of the atmosphere.@ It's hard to see through the haze of the fast flowing water. You use what energy you have left to make sure that your steps are slow and calculated. 
 One wrong movement and you're sure to be swept up and taken away by the water.@ The caverns are immense, ceiling disappearing into gentle glimmers when a crystal catches the light. 
 The sides are lined with jagged gemstones and crystals that have formed tall pillars. It's a beautiful sight, illuminated by the soft moonlight.@ The headstones extend long into the distance before you, all in varying condition.  Some have been worn down to nothing but a pile of rubble, while others have been regularly maintained and have flowers laying at their base.@ The tree stands proud in the middle of the clearing. Its trunk has been decorated with delicate carvings and various offerings lay across its roots.@ It's a beautiful landscape, fog flowing from the rocks as they step down the edges of the valley. 
 The air is damp and cool, refreshing as it passes over your skin.@ The wind swirls around you, carrying forgotten voices as whispers through the woods. 
 The trees are dense but thin, sparse leaves scattering those that are not yet dead. You feel a chill run down your spine.@ No one has been here in decades. All the buildings in sight are abandoned or hold monsters you dare not think of. It's best to move on quickly.@ The place of restless spirits and rebellious children.  No serious incident is yet to come from here, but the air holds an eerie tension that will stay with you for days.@  It's the skeleton of a beast thousands of years old and it's a sight to behold. 
 The skull alone is the size of a small fortress and its body extends into the distance, well past where the human eye can see.@
